we were all
we've played together
together and in 1999 every day we were
all living our own version of the
American dream but Johnny ran the show
8,500 drug dealer no did he sell a
little yeah J no just gonna take care
but happy because we wash okay well I
still gotta get paid all of it be
careful Johnny I'm not what are your
little friends
we got think of me you better pull the
trigger man everyone else pulled around
here client Vienna yo Johnny isn't that
the brother of the guy who owes you
money you kidding me hello
this is all gonna get squared away soon
I promise
kids older brother owes money and
Joanie's holding them like a marker or
something until it gets paid so you're
like ransom or something that's hot
it's okay like another story to tell my
grandkids stolen boy
[Music]
Marco with a smile up your face you're
dead giveaway
like this yeah yeah they can be in a lot
of trouble you can't just take a kid
that's what I told you
what kind of problems am I looking at do
you ask for ransom we're probably
looking at light what if I would offer
you $2,500 just to kill the kid kill him
are you insane what if I said you could
jump on the bus catch a ride home I
don't want to cause any problems for my
brother I got to do this man
I don't have a choice I'm not going to
present Trager it's good
[Music]
the missing-persons poster on every
street corner will come clean now John I
got it under control
I would never rat you guys out can we
know that man
[Music]